Save me!
Save me! Save me!
Li Ran, save me!
Save me!
Save... Save me!
There's no signal at all.
The flash flood must have affected the base station.
Since we're here, let's make the best of it.
Look at Mr. Tan, truly a big businessman.
Calm as still water.
Miss Li.
It's rare to have a quiet moment.
Let's enjoy the moment.
Everyone is here.
I might as well mention something.
Although the communication signal is cut off...
And we've lost contact with the outside world...
But there's no need to worry.
The supplies here are very plentiful.
Enough to last at least a month.
Who wants to stay here for a month?
Just waiting here for Lawyer Luo?
Speaking of which...
It's fate that we gathered here.
Perhaps...
We can chat about...
Stories from the past with my sister and brother-in-law.
To mourn them.
Since the will mentioned everyone...
It's a ghost.
Surely everyone has... with my sister and brother-in-law...
Some interesting stories, right?
Then I'll speak first.
I and the two deceased...
Fine.
I'd actually like to hear how every one of you...
Is exactly related to my brother and Difu.
I'm a bit scared.
I don't want to go back to my room alone.
Staying with you guys is fine.
In that case...
Let's set a rule.
If you want to hear others' stories...
You have to tell your own story.
It's only interesting if it's a two-way street.
Detective Qi.
You are an outsider.
So may we trouble you...
To be a witness.
Then I'll go first.
Shui Ge, Shui Ge.
Money, money, I... I will definitely pay it back.
Give me some time.
Boss Fang, we are all businessmen.
We talk about integrity.
You had trouble and asked me for money.
I helped.
When it's time to pay back, you say you have no money.
Isn't that your fault?
Shui Ge, I beg you.
Don't be like this.
Shui Ge, really.
No matter how much money...
I will definitely pay it back, Shui Ge.
You have no way.
I'll help you find a way.
I'll take one today.
Consider it interest.
Shui Ge, no, no, Shui Ge!
Scared?
Shui Ge, Shui Ge.
You... You...
At most one week.
Five days.
Three days.
Okay, okay.
If you don't pay up in three days...
You know what happens.
Lili.
Fang Qiu, you jerk.
You borrowed from loan sharks yourself...
To save your deadbeat dad.
Don't drag me into this.
Lili.
Can you just listen to me explain first?
From now on, I'm done with you.
If you want to die...
Please die far away.
Lili.
Hello?
Hello, Dad.
I'm working overtime.
You haven't eaten yet, right?
I'll go buy some for you.
Sir, your takeout is ready.
The total is thirty-two.
Money, it's always about money.
Why does everyone come to me just to ask for...
Sir, are you okay?
I'm fine.
You want the bill, right?
Yes.
That'll be thirty-two.
Just give me thirty. I'll knock off the rest.
It's okay.
I... I often forget my wallet when I go out too.
How about this meal is on me?
Let's be friends.
Difu.
Fang... Fang Qiu.
Then... then...
I'll definitely pay you back next time.
Okay.
Please come again.
Everything will get better.
Hang in there.
Bye-bye.
At the lowest point of my life...
Between life and death...
Difu's appearance...
Was like an angel sent by God to save me.
How did you end up owing loan sharks?
To pay for my dad's medical bills.
He had cancer.
My dad was like a mountain to me.
After he got sick...
I was completely lost.
And with the loan sharks chasing me...
I really just wanted to end it all back then.
Three days are up.
Let me tell you...
Even if you go to hell...
I'll drag you back.
Shui Ge.
All I have left is my life.
Take it.
Stop!
This chick's not bad.
Difu.
Shui Ge, Shui Ge.
Shui Ge.
I'll pay you back the money.
This has nothing to do with her.
How about she covers the interest for you first?
Take her away.
Don't!
Hold on.
Shui Ge, right?
You want to take me away?
You have to ask if I agree first.
So what do you want?
Holding a toy gun...
Trying to scare me?
This is Taicheng.
Getting a toy gun is harder than getting a real one.
Do you think I scare easily?
Try me.
Fang, consider yourself lucky.
But the money you owe...
You still have to pay.
Here is a check for one million.
Four hundred thousand is Mr. Fang's principal.
Six hundred thousand is the interest.
Consider this settled.
Four million.
And you're only paying one million?
Do you take me for a fool?
Look at who signed the check first.
Is it enough?
Enough.
More than enough.
Our debt is settled.
From now on, we stay out of each other's way.
Let's go.
Difu.
Thank you.
Now...
You can start over.
Fang Qiu
I'm leaving
I hope this money helps you through this crisis
I am an unlucky person
I hope my departure
Will take your bad luck away too
You are a very talented person
I believe you will succeed one day
I wish you a happy future
Difu
Good
That's a good story
Melodramatic enough
Darn it
You cheating scum
I'll kill you for cuckolding my brother
Alright, alright
Did you kill my brother?
I didn't. Everything I said
Happened before Mr. Zhao and Difu
Were together
That's ancient history
Why take it so seriously?
Yeah, Ah Hai
Your brother didn't care
Why are you acting out?
What was that noise?
It's mine
I haven't seen my sister for years
I wanted to learn more about her from your stories
So I recorded it
Isn't that perfect?
What this kid just said is admissible evidence
I... I don't care
But Miss Li didn't
Get our consent to record
Do you think that's appropriate?
I just wanted it as a keepsake
If you all object
Then I'll delete it
As a keepsake
Miss Li
You don't need to make excuses
I have no objection if you want to investigate
As long as you share the results
Of the investigation in the end
I believe everyone here
Thinks the Zhaos' deaths were suspicious
And wants to know the truth
I don't believe my sister committed suicide
If the Zhao couple was murdered
Then the prime suspects
Are us right here
Because every one of us
Is connected to the inheritance
If they were really murdered
I'm the one who should be ruled out first
They were my benefactors
That check
Was written to me by Mr. Zhao
Hold on
Look at who signed the check first
Also
At that time
For me to have any success
It was thanks to their help
So I couldn't possibly have killed them
You mean
Your tech company, right?
Right
The next time I saw Miss Difu
Was a year later
By then, she and Mr. Zhao
Were already together
I was online at the time
Developing a social app
And with Miss Difu's recommendation
Mr. Zhao became my investor
So you hooked up with that stinking witch again
Mr. Zhao Qihai
I'm warning you
Mr. Zhao and Miss Difu
Are the people I respect the most
You can insult me
You can beat me
But please respect them
A Si
Let me help you.
No need, Miss Li.
You are a guest.
It's fine.
We're all trapped here.
We should help each other.
You are just like Madam.
You're both good people.
I haven't seen my sister in years.
I don't know what she became like.
I often heard Madam mention you.
I used to think it was strange too.
Why you were sisters,
yet never met.
What matters is you, Miss Li Ran.
You are the heir to hundreds of millions.
So,
I want to know more about my sister and brother-in-law.
They were an angelic couple.
Then how did you meet them?
Yeah.
Let's hear it.
I've known Qishan for so long,
but I've never heard
that there was a scar-faced housekeeper at home.
Before I met them,
I never dared to dream
that one day I could actually
live with such kind people.